a few days ago they were all what the
heck is he doing and then the deaf
people explained he's just waving his
arms around and then we learned that
he's been doing that for many years
except nobody ever said anything or if
they did nobody heard them today he
apologizes a sincerely apology
surrounded with a load of mumbo jumbo I
saw angels it was the end of the world
I'm following my calling i watch this
President dumbledee flag
what happened daddy it was a very much I
don't know what could i call it IC
engines come to the stadium and
immediately I see angels come to the
sticker I start realizing that the
problem is here and the problem I don't
know the attack of this problem how will
it comes sometimes I will I react
violent or not or not a place and
sometimes I will I will see like things
like chess me and then you know I was in
a very very very difficult position
he not only embodied a bunker he taught
millions to find that truth with the
tree that towers above the rest has
broken by the wind child of the wind of
the land I would like to to tell
everybody that if I've offended anyone
please forgive me but what I was to me I
was doing what I believe it's my kulick
I was doing what I believe it makes it
different no no no what is the world
coming to is coming to an end is it
common to a new beginning what do you
think personally I think it is really
funny when big events happen and the
guys that are just lying and putting
thing out in perspective of Africans or
raging over this they want answers
question is what Colonel answers are
they gonna get